Update Log Search config options (#5289)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/get-started-with-search/build-search/use-receipt-time.md

> description: You can display search results in the order that the Collector received the messages in milliseconds.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Enable the Use Receipt Time feature to display search results in the order that the Collector received the messages in milliseconds.
```

description: You can display search results in the order that the Collector received the messages in milliseconds.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> <!-- When Intelliparse goes GA, structure:
> 
> Parsing
> * Intelliparse
> * Auto Parse
> * Manual
> 
> Timestamp
> * Message Time
> * Receipt Time
> 
> -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- When Intelliparse goes GA, update this doc to reflect new Search Config...

Parsing
* Intelliparse
* Auto Parse
* Manual

Timestamp
* Message Time
* Receipt Time
-->
```
